# Readme
## Directory Structure
**inc** - contains the external/public include files of all data structures.

**lib** - contains libraries generated by each data strucutre. This folder will be created on building any one of the data structures. Corresponding library is generated in this folder when a data structure is built.

**\<data structure\>** - contains all the needed files for that data structure. These are, for example, stack, queue, binheap etc.


## Directory Structure of a Data Structure folder
Inside each <data structure> folder following sub-folders are present:

**obj** - contains the temporary object (.o) files which are generated as part of the build process.

**bin** - contains the executables created as part of the build process. These are test modules or solution to a sample problem that uses the data structure.

**test** - contains sample test inputs that can be used to test the code.

Under each data structure folder there is one or more .c files implementing the data strcuture. One or more .c files to implement the test module to test the data structure.

## How to build all or individual data structures

### To build/clean all data structures, in the top level folder run:

make

make clean


### To build/clean an individual data structure, move to the corresponding folder and run:

make

make clean


Note: There are dependencies of one data structure on other data structure. For example bst uses both queue and stack libraries. So the build will fail if they are not built in order when building individual data structures.
